README.md, before:

### 👨‍💻 Hi there 👋

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-red?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/leonardorifeli)](https://github.com/leonardorifeli)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-red?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardorifeli/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardorifeli/)
[![Github Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=leonardorifeli&label=Profile%20views&color=red&style=flat)](https://github.com/leonardorifeli)

I'm [Leonardo](https://rifeli.dev). I'm a Brazilian Data Scientist.

- :office_worker: Co-founder & CTO at **@HarmoDeveloper**
- 📚 Mathematician and Data Scientist
- 💙 Main tech stacks: Golang, Python and Javascript
- :octocat: Writer at [rifeli.dev](https://rifeli.dev)
- 🇧🇷 Antônio Carlos - SC
- ⚔️ Owner of [https://muximba.dev/](Tibia Muximba OT Server)

#### 👨‍💻 Repositories I created recently
- **[leonardorifeli/personal_blog](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/personal_blog)** - My blog comments
- **[leonardorifeli/jurema.vet](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/jurema.vet)** - Jurema Website
- **[leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev)** - My professional data
- **[leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app)** - A monero (xmrig) dashboard application (backend using Golang)
- **[leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install)** - Similuar Omakube lib for LMDE

#### 🔨 My recent Pull Requests



#### ⭐ Recent Stars


- [hiyouga/LLaMA-Factory](https://github.com/hiyouga/LLaMA-Factory) - Unified Efficient Fine-Tuning of 100&#43; LLMs &amp; VLMs (ACL 2024) (1 day ago)
- [Hitmasu/OpenCNPJ](https://github.com/Hitmasu/OpenCNPJ) - API pública de busca e consulta de CNPJs do Brasil (1 day ago)
- [zimbadev/crystalserver](https://github.com/zimbadev/crystalserver) - Crystal Server is an OpenTibia Server for 15x protocol with Monk Update. (1 day ago)
- [hestiacp/hestiacp](https://github.com/hestiacp/hestiacp) - Hestia Control Panel | A lightweight and powerful control panel for the modern web. (2 days ago)
- [aaPanel/aaPanel](https://github.com/aaPanel/aaPanel) - Simple but Powerful web-based Control Panel (2 days ago)

#### ❤️ Recent Followers


- [sx4im](https://github.com/sx4im) - Saim Shafique

- [lrepo52](https://github.com/lrepo52) - 

- [temptypo](https://github.com/temptypo) - typo

- [motanelson](https://github.com/motanelson) - nelson jr mota

- [slavaGanzin](https://github.com/slavaGanzin) - Slava


#### ❤️ Recent Sponsors



Many thanks everyone! 🙏

#### ⛏️ What I've been working on

- [Muximba/.github](https://github.com/Muximba/.github)
- [leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev)
- [leonardorifeli/jurema.vet](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/jurema.vet)
- [leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app)
- [leonardorifeli/local-llm-server](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/local-llm-server)
- [remy/mit-license](https://github.com/remy/mit-license)
- [leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install)
- [wesbos/awesome-uses](https://github.com/wesbos/awesome-uses)

#### 📄 Latest blog posts
- [Por que priorizar o fetch nativo? E como implementar timeout nas requisições](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-20-por-que-usar-o-fetch-no-nodejs/) (4 weeks ago)
- [Do zero a Home Server: como e por que montei meu NAS em ZFS](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-10-do-zero-a-home-server-como-e-por-que-montei-meu-nas-em-zfs/) (1 month ago)
- [Por que decidi oferecer consultoria técnica?](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-02-por-que-decidi-oferecer-consultoria-tecnica/) (1 month ago)
- [Entrevista com Elton Minetto em Mais Que Senior](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-01-entrevista-mais-que-senior-com-elton-minetto/) (1 month ago)
- [Como gerimos nossos clusters Kubernetes na prática](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-07-10-como-gerimos-nossos-cluters-kubernets-na-pratica/) (2 months ago)
- [Agendando cronjobs nativos no RDS Aurora PostgreSQL com pg_cron](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-07-01-agendando-cronjobs-nativos-no-rds-aurora-postgresql-com-pgcron/) (2 months ago)
- [How we use Serverless at Harmo](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2020-10-08-how-we-use-serverless-at-harmo/) (5 years ago)
- [Princípios SOLID: LSP e sopa de letrinhas](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2017-12-30-principios-solid-lsp-e-sopa-de-letrinhas/) (7 years ago)
- [Princípios SOLID: OCP e sopa de letrinhas](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2017-12-06-principios-solid-ocp-e-sopa-de-letrinhas/) (7 years ago)
- [Princípios SOLID: SRP e sopa de letrinhas](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2017-03-25-principios-solid-srp-e-sopa-de-letrinhas/) (8 years ago)

I created this readme based on [Becker's](https://github.com/caarlos0) readme.

Commit message:

docs: Update generated README ZTY3NWVk

README.md, after:

### 👨‍💻 Hi there 👋

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-red?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/leonardorifeli)](https://github.com/leonardorifeli)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-red?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardorifeli/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardorifeli/)
[![Github Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=leonardorifeli&label=Profile%20views&color=red&style=flat)](https://github.com/leonardorifeli)

I'm [Leonardo](https://rifeli.dev). I'm a Brazilian Data Scientist.

- :office_worker: Co-founder & CTO at **@HarmoDeveloper**
- 📚 Mathematician and Data Scientist
- 💙 Main tech stacks: Golang, Python and Javascript
- :octocat: Writer at [rifeli.dev](https://rifeli.dev)
- 🇧🇷 Antônio Carlos - SC
- ⚔️ Owner of [https://muximba.dev/](Tibia Muximba OT Server)

#### 👨‍💻 Repositories I created recently
- **[leonardorifeli/personal_blog](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/personal_blog)** - My blog comments
- **[leonardorifeli/jurema.vet](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/jurema.vet)** - Jurema Website
- **[leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev)** - My professional data
- **[leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app)** - A monero (xmrig) dashboard application (backend using Golang)
- **[leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install)** - Similuar Omakube lib for LMDE

#### 🔨 My recent Pull Requests


- [Update email address in user JSON file](https://github.com/remy/mit-license/pull/1766) on [remy/mit-license](https://github.com/remy/mit-license) (today)

#### ⭐ Recent Stars


- [hiyouga/LLaMA-Factory](https://github.com/hiyouga/LLaMA-Factory) - Unified Efficient Fine-Tuning of 100&#43; LLMs &amp; VLMs (ACL 2024) (1 day ago)
- [Hitmasu/OpenCNPJ](https://github.com/Hitmasu/OpenCNPJ) - API pública de busca e consulta de CNPJs do Brasil (1 day ago)
- [zimbadev/crystalserver](https://github.com/zimbadev/crystalserver) - Crystal Server is an OpenTibia Server for 15x protocol with Monk Update. (1 day ago)
- [hestiacp/hestiacp](https://github.com/hestiacp/hestiacp) - Hestia Control Panel | A lightweight and powerful control panel for the modern web. (2 days ago)
- [aaPanel/aaPanel](https://github.com/aaPanel/aaPanel) - Simple but Powerful web-based Control Panel (2 days ago)

#### ❤️ Recent Followers


- [sx4im](https://github.com/sx4im) - Saim Shafique

- [lrepo52](https://github.com/lrepo52) - 

- [temptypo](https://github.com/temptypo) - typo

- [motanelson](https://github.com/motanelson) - nelson jr mota

- [slavaGanzin](https://github.com/slavaGanzin) - Slava


#### ❤️ Recent Sponsors



Many thanks everyone! 🙏

#### ⛏️ What I've been working on

- [Muximba/.github](https://github.com/Muximba/.github)
- [leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/consultoria.rifeli.dev)
- [leonardorifeli/jurema.vet](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/jurema.vet)
- [leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/xmrig-dashboard-app)
- [leonardorifeli/local-llm-server](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/local-llm-server)
- [remy/mit-license](https://github.com/remy/mit-license)
- [leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install](https://github.com/leonardorifeli/lmde-omakube-install)
- [wesbos/awesome-uses](https://github.com/wesbos/awesome-uses)

#### 📄 Latest blog posts
- [Por que priorizar o fetch nativo? E como implementar timeout nas requisições](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-20-por-que-usar-o-fetch-no-nodejs/) (4 weeks ago)
- [Do zero a Home Server: como e por que montei meu NAS em ZFS](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-10-do-zero-a-home-server-como-e-por-que-montei-meu-nas-em-zfs/) (1 month ago)
- [Por que decidi oferecer consultoria técnica?](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-02-por-que-decidi-oferecer-consultoria-tecnica/) (1 month ago)
- [Entrevista com Elton Minetto em Mais Que Senior](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-08-01-entrevista-mais-que-senior-com-elton-minetto/) (1 month ago)
- [Como gerimos nossos clusters Kubernetes na prática](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-07-10-como-gerimos-nossos-cluters-kubernets-na-pratica/) (2 months ago)
- [Agendando cronjobs nativos no RDS Aurora PostgreSQL com pg_cron](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2025-07-01-agendando-cronjobs-nativos-no-rds-aurora-postgresql-com-pgcron/) (2 months ago)
- [How we use Serverless at Harmo](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2020-10-08-how-we-use-serverless-at-harmo/) (5 years ago)
- [Princípios SOLID: LSP e sopa de letrinhas](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2017-12-30-principios-solid-lsp-e-sopa-de-letrinhas/) (7 years ago)
- [Princípios SOLID: OCP e sopa de letrinhas](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2017-12-06-principios-solid-ocp-e-sopa-de-letrinhas/) (7 years ago)
- [Princípios SOLID: SRP e sopa de letrinhas](https://rifeli.dev/blog/2017-03-25-principios-solid-srp-e-sopa-de-letrinhas/) (8 years ago)

I created this readme based on [Becker's](https://github.com/caarlos0) readme.
